---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Javascript 
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2019-01-16
labels:
  - Javascript
---

So. What do you think about Javascript so far? If you’re a complete newbie, how does it compare to other programming languages that you know? If you have prior experience, did you learn new things from this module, perhaps with respect to ES6? Do you think Javascript is a good or bad programming language from a software engineering perspective?

What about athletic software engineering? Did you find the practice WODs to be useful? What do you think about this style of learning? Is it stressful? Is it enjoyable? Do you think it will work for you?

## First impressions
Last week I was introduced to Javascript with just Java and Python under my belt of programming languages. Learning just the basics, my first impression was "this is almost just like Java" (more so than python). Thus, I found it really easy to pick up on the new syntax and learn the basics. 

## Javascript is easier and more intutitive
Overall, I think Javascript brings up a great deal of strengths as a programming language. I learned that the language is 

## Learning along the way
Despite having some prior experience in programming, I did learn new things I found valuable. This included lessons on "let" vs "const" and "for-of" vs "for-in". These are terms that can easily get mixed up, so I'm glad I recieved clarification on these concepts now so I can judge which is best fit for my programming.
I also found that creating an object class in Javascript to be maybe the most differentating thing from Java so far.

## WODs
In class we go through "WODs". They are weekly assignments to practice programming which I found to be very helpful. I think WODs will help me to keep thinking like a programmer and improve the efficiency of my programming skills. I like that we are provided with finish times to help us gauge how we are doing so I can see what I need to practice more.
So far, the WODs seem simple enough considering we are just dipping our feet back into basic level programming; however, I imagine it will get harder along the way, but given the number of practices we are given and the room for self improvement along the way, I think it is an overall efficient way to improve our pgramming skills. Any difficulties will surely be worth it and, as a self directed learner and competitive goal setter, I find this style of learning to be fun.
